Suggestion getmonsterinfo update (#7227)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

---------------------------------------

*getmonsterinfo(<mob ID>,<type>)
*getmonsterinfo(<mob name>,<type>)

> This function will look up the monster with the specified ID number in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will look up the monster with the specified <mob ID> or <mob name> in the
```

> mob database and return the info set by TYPE argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mob database and return the info set by <type> argument.
```
